Feat: Cyberark vault 3.11 (#1814)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/configure-cyberark-as-a-vault-backend.md

---
title: Configure CyberArk Conjur as a vault backend
content_type: how_to
description: "Learn how to reference CyberArk Conjur secrets from {{site.base_gateway}}."
products:
    - gateway

related_resources:

>   - text: Secrets management
>     url: /gateway/secrets-management/
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: Secrets management
    url: /gateway/secrets-management/
  - text: Configuration parameters for CyberArk Conjur vaults
    url: /gateway/entities/vault/?tab=conjur#vault-provider-specific-configuration-parameters
```

works_on:
    - on-prem

min_version:
  gateway: '3.11'

entities: 
  - vault

tags:
    - secrets-management
    - security
    - cyberark-conjur
search_aliases:
  - Conjur
tldr:
    q: How can I access CyberArk Conjur secrets in {{site.base_gateway}}? 
    a: |
      Configure a Vault entity with `config.auth_method: api_key`, your Conjur endpoint URL (`config.endpoint_url`), account name (`config.account`), login (`config.login`), and API key (`config.api_key`). Reference the secret like `{vault://conjur-vault/BotApp%2FsecretVar}`, assuming your Vault prefix is `conjur-vault` and your secret was stored as `BotApp/secretVar`.

tools:
    - deck

prereqs:
  inline: 
    - title: CyberArk Conjur
      content: |
        To run this tutorial, you'll need CyberArk Conjur running with a secret stored. 
        
        If you don't already have CyberArk Conjur, you can follow the Docker quickstart guide to [setup an OSS environment](https://www.conjur.org/get-started/quick-start/oss-environment/), [define a policy](https://www.conjur.org/get-started/quick-start/define-policy/), and [store a secret](https://www.conjur.org/get-started/quick-start/store-secret/). 

        {:.warning}

>         > If you're running Conjur in Docker, change the proxy ports in `docker-compose.yml` to `"9443:443"`. The {{site.base_gateway}} and Conjur containers must also be using the same Docker network.

Reviewer: How do we know that they're using the same network? I didn't find anywhere in the setup for Conjur that told me to specify a network to run on.

        
        Export the Conjur environment variables:
        ```sh
        export DECK_CONJUR_ENDPOINT_URL='http://conjur_server:80'
        export DECK_CONJUR_ACCOUNT='myConjurAccount'
        export DECK_CONJUR_LOGIN='host/BotApp/myDemoApp'
        export DECK_CONJUR_API_KEY='YOUR-API-KEY'
        ```
        These environment variables use values from the Conjur Docker quickstart. If you are running Conjur in a different environment, modify them as needed.

        You can find your API key listed under `myConjurAccount:host:BotApp/myDemoApp` in the `my_app_data` file.

      icon_url: /assets/icons/cyberark.svg

cleanup:
  inline:
    - title: Clean up CyberArk Conjur
      content: |

>         If you're using the Conjur Docker quickstart, you can clean up Conjur by deleting the `conjur-quickstart` Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you're using the Conjur Docker quickstart, you can clean up Conjur by deleting the `conjur-quickstart` Docker compose stack.
```
